# RecordWrapper Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="65ba6244-f400-00fb-fa11-29bd6e3c94df">GetDynamicMemberNames</a></td>
<td><br />(Overrides DynamicObject.GetDynamicMemberNames())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetMetaObject</td>
<td>Provides a DynamicMetaObject that dispatches to the dynamic virtual methods. The object can be encapsulated inside another DynamicMetaObject to provide custom behavior for individual actions. This method supports the Dynamic Language Runtime infrastructure for language implementers and it is not intended to be used directly from your code.<br />(Inherited from DynamicObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9c1504d1-dee6-190c-30c0-0e4b86053743">ToString</a></td>
<td><br />(Overrides Object.ToString())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TryBinaryOperation</td>
<td>Provides implementation for binary operations. Classes derived from the DynamicObject class can override this method to specify dynamic behavior for operations such as addition and multiplication.<br />(Inherited from DynamicObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TryConvert</td>
<td>Provides implementation for type conversion operations. Classes derived from the DynamicObject class can override this method to specify dynamic behavior for operations that convert an object from one type to another.<br />(Inherited from DynamicObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TryCreateInstance</td>
<td>Provides the implementation for operations that initialize a new instance of a dynamic object. This method is not intended for use in C# or Visual Basic.<br />(Inherited from DynamicObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TryDeleteIndex</td>
<td>Provides the implementation for operations that delete an object by index. This method is not intended for use in C# or Visual Basic.<br />(Inherited from DynamicObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TryDeleteMember</td>
<td>Provides the implementation for operations that delete an object member. This method is not intended for use in C# or Visual Basic.<br />(Inherited from DynamicObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TryGetIndex</td>
<td>Provides the implementation for operations that get a value by index. Classes derived from the DynamicObject class can override this method to specify dynamic behavior for indexing operations.<br />(Inherited from DynamicObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="637fd112-2b60-8f05-82ee-0168d965856e">TryGetMember</a></td>
<td><br />(Overrides DynamicObject.TryGetMember(GetMemberBinder, Object))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TryInvoke</td>
<td>Provides the implementation for operations that invoke an object. Classes derived from the DynamicObject class can override this method to specify dynamic behavior for operations such as invoking an object or a delegate.<br />(Inherited from DynamicObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TryInvokeMember</td>
<td>Provides the implementation for operations that invoke a member. Classes derived from the DynamicObject class can override this method to specify dynamic behavior for operations such as calling a method.<br />(Inherited from DynamicObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TrySetIndex</td>
<td>Provides the implementation for operations that set a value by index. Classes derived from the DynamicObject class can override this method to specify dynamic behavior for operations that access objects by a specified index.<br />(Inherited from DynamicObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a289368f-80b0-5a5d-cd64-b04123246482">TrySetMember</a></td>
<td><br />(Overrides DynamicObject.TrySetMember(SetMemberBinder, Object))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TryUnaryOperation</td>
<td>Provides implementation for unary operations. Classes derived from the DynamicObject class can override this method to specify dynamic behavior for operations such as negation, increment, or decrement.<br />(Inherited from DynamicObject)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="15d1f56f-3dc8-30e2-1769-44c8b9a97dea">Db.RecordWrapper Class</a>  
<a href="044e8d7f-0f94-a8b4-bd65-529f6359fdf7">InMemoryDB Namespace</a>  
